aaaah personal beauty mandrake today with
two more vehicles aipa series cars
exit your publisher mode
today I decided to bring two because the
FR car is that it is simple
do not just put the simted in front
so I decided to bring this one and a motorcycle
also that they asked me had already brought
a bike before and spoke in the comments
here by skype also bring another motorcycle
And I like it, I decided to bring another one.
motorcycle there for you and this one without publisher here
As I was asked the next time.
Sometimes we miss the cars.
left the game in the description of the
video so I'll leave this seminar
description of the video I switched on the server the
game for him is working at least
in theory for it is working in
any playstation 3
so if you download and can not
run half-naked puts us your game
comments that I'll try to be
arranging it again but I believe that
It will work in any
Good. We 're going to have to change one first.
plane car has to droop the goat
It's very simple here, I 've already
settings here the way I want them
if you do not know how to mess with the service yet
I'll also leave it in the video description
there is your beginner editor for you
Do you want to start tinkering?
your egypt
I came here in advance of office and here
I'll just put the on the bob stein yo
put the 255 ready just this
you doing this teddy ted already going
being in front of the car next to the
neighborhood of the triangle and the bike here is
this p j 600k headlamp from the front
I came here also advance of the pit bull
I came here and I'm going to put 255 on the bike.
I'm exhausted and now I'm going to play.
playstation 3 is the game here
the bike only with a bike rump and a car
of the court here established by a new
camera here for you to see
is a very simple modification but even a
Some time ago , a lot of people wanted to know.
How to put a teddy bear is fine
simple is by your editor that I put
I'll leave this seminar description of the
remembering video again and if you
Are you in any car that you
would like to see it modified or
Are you curious to see any cars?
modified
leave in the comments there that I always
I read the comments
How was this video I always brought?
cars
so this is it, guys, I hope you
have enjoyed it if you liked unmik
share with your friends the video on
social networks and until the next video
bye